Remove SIRF_INSTALL_PATH and SIRF_PATH environment variables in `example_data_path` (#1412)
SyneRBI/SIRF: src/xSTIR/cSTIR/tests/CMakeLists.txt

  target_link_libraries(cstir_tests csirf cstir ${STIR_LIBRARIES})
  INSTALL(TARGETS cstir_tests DESTINATION bin)

  add_executable(cstir_test3  test3.cpp ${STIR_REGISTRIES})
  target_link_libraries(cstir_test3 csirf cstir ${STIR_LIBRARIES})
  INSTALL(TARGETS cstir_test3 DESTINATION bin)

  add_executable(cstir_test4  test4.cpp run_test4.cpp ${STIR_REGISTRIES})
  target_link_libraries(cstir_test4 csirf cstir ${STIR_LIBRARIES})
  INSTALL(TARGETS cstir_test4 DESTINATION bin)

#  add_executable(cstir_test5  test5.cpp ${STIR_REGISTRIES})
#  target_link_libraries(cstir_test5 csirf cstir ${STIR_LIBRARIES})
#  INSTALL(TARGETS cstir_test5 DESTINATION bin)

> 

Reviewer: re-instate. The SPECT data is at https://github.com/SyneRBI/SIRF_data/tree/master/examples/SPECT and indeed the tests were working on GitHub CI. 

If you don't have this in your directory, you'll need to `git submodule update --init` I guess (or `cd data;git checkout master; git pull`)

Author: > the tests were working on GitHub CI

only because I made this mistake in `tests/CMakeLists.txt` when I added testing `test5.cpp`:
```
ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_5 COMMAND cstir_test3 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
```
just fixing this bug though did not help because of these two lines in `test5.cpp`:
```
    std::string SIRF_data_path = examples_data_path("SPECT");
    filename = SIRF_data_path + "/working_folder/simple/simulation.hs";
```
and correcting `filename` did not help either:
```
8: ERROR: ProjDataFromStream: error reading data
8: terminate called after throwing an instance of 'std::runtime_error'
8:   what():  ProjDataFromStream: error reading data
```
I will continue working on this, of course, just will have to bypass `test5.cpp` before every pushing to keep GitHub CI happy.

Reviewer: ah. ok. I haven't checked what's in test5, so happy to keep that disabled for now.

Reviewer: let's create a separate issue for `test5`

ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_1 COMMAND cstir_tests WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
add_SIRF_DATA_PATH(PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_1)
ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_3 COMMAND cstir_test3 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
add_SIRF_DATA_PATH(PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_3)
ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_4 COMMAND cstir_test4 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
add_SIRF_DATA_PATH(PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_4)

> #ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_5 COMMAND cstir_test2 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# currently disabled as missing files for the SPECT test.
#ADD_TEST(NAME PET_TESTS_CPLUSPLUS_5 COMMAND cstir_test5 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})
```
